Suggest to combine C# and VB sections into a single .NET Guide (#6404)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/assembly/index.md

  
-   Assemblies are only loaded into memory if they are required. If they are not used, they are not loaded. This means that assemblies can be an efficient way to manage resources in larger projects.  
  
-   You can programmatically obtain information about an assembly by using reflection. For more information, see [Reflection (C#)](../../csharp/programming-guide/concepts/reflection.md) or [Reflection (Visual Basic)](../../visual-basic/programming-guide/concepts/reflection.md).   
  
-   You can load an assembly only to inspect it by calling a method <xref:System.Reflection.Assembly.ReflectionOnlyLoadFrom%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>.  
  
## Assembly manifest  
 Within every assembly is an *assembly manifest*. Similar to a table of contents, the assembly manifest contains the following:  
  
-   The assembly's identity (its name and version).  
  

> -   A file table describing all the other files that make up the assembly, such as another assemblies you created that your .exe or .dll file relies on, or even bitmap or Readme files.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   A file table describing all the other files that make up the assembly, such as other assemblies you created that your .exe or .dll file relies on, or even bitmap or Readme files.  
```

> -   An *assembly reference list*, which is a list of all external dependencies — .dlls or other files your application needs that may have been created by someone else. Assembly references contain references to both global and private objects. Global objects are available to all other applications. In .NET Core, they are coupled with a particular .NET Core runtime. In .NET Framework, they reside in the global assembly cache. The <xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic?displayProperty=nameWithType> namespace is an example of an assembly in the global assembly cache. Private objects must be in a directory at either the same level as or below the directory in which your application is installed.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   An *assembly reference list*, which is a list of all external dependencies — .dlls or other files your application needs that may have been created by someone else. Assembly references contain references to both global and private objects. Global objects are available to all other applications. In .NET Core, they are coupled with a particular .NET Core runtime. In .NET Framework, they reside in the global assembly cache. The <xref:System.IO?displayProperty=nameWithType> namespace is an example of an assembly in the global assembly cache. Private objects must be in a directory at either the same level as or below the directory in which your application is installed.  
```

>  Because assemblies contain information about content, versioning, and dependencies, they reduce the applications you create with C# or Visual Basic do not rely on Windows registry values to function properly. Assemblies reduce .dll conflicts and make your applications more reliable and easier to deploy. In many cases, you can install a .NET-based application simply by copying its files to the target computer. For more information, see [Assembly Manifest](../../framework/app-domains/assembly-manifest.md).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Because assemblies contain information about content, versioning, and dependencies, the applications that use them need not rely don Windows registry values to function properly. Assemblies reduce .dll conflicts and make your applications more reliable and easier to deploy. In many cases, you can install a .NET-based application simply by copying its files to the target computer. For more information, see [Assembly Manifest](../../framework/app-domains/assembly-manifest.md).  
```

  
## Adding a reference to an assembly  
 To use an assembly, you must add a reference to it. Next, you can use the [using directive](../../csharp/language-reference/keywords/using-directive.md) for C# or [Imports statement](../../visual-basic/language-reference/statements/imports-statement-net-namespace-and-type.md) for Visual Basic to choose the namespace of the items you want to use. Once an assembly is referenced and imported, all the accessible types, properties, methods, and other members of its namespaces are available to your application as if their code were part of your source file.  

>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> [!NOTE]
> Most assemblies from the .NET Class Library are referenced automatically. In some cases, though, a system assembly may not automatically be referenced. In .NET Core, you can add a reference to the NuGet package that contains the assembly either by using NuGet Package Manager in Visual Studio or by adding a [<PackageReference>](../../core/tools/dependencies.md#the-new-packagereference-element) element for the assembly to the *.csproj or *.vbproj project. In .NET Framework, you can add a reference to the assembly by using the **Add Reference** dialog in Visual Studio or by using the `-reference` command line option for the [C#](../../csharp/language-reference/compiler-options/reference-compiler-option.md) or [Visual Basic](../../visual-basic/reference/command-line-compiler/reference.md) compilers.

```

 In C#, you can also use two versions of the same assembly in a single application. For more information, see [extern alias](../../csharp/language-reference/keywords/extern-alias.md).  
  
## Creating an assembly  

>  Compile your application by building it from the command line by using .NET Core command-line interface (CLI) tools or the command-line compiler. For more information about building assemblies using .NET CLI tools, see [.NET Core command-line interface (CLI) tools](../../core/tools/index.md) for C# or see [Building from the Command Line](../../visual-basic/reference/command-line-compiler/building-from-the-command-line.md) for Visual Basic.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Compile your application by building it in Visual Studio, by building it from the command line by using .NET Core command-line interface (CLI) tools, or by building .NET Framework assemblies with a command-line compiler. For more information about building assemblies using .NET CLI tools, see [.NET Core command-line interface (CLI) tools](../../core/tools/index.md). For building assemblies with the command-line compilers, see [Command-line build with csc.exe](../../csharp/language-reference/compiler-options/command-line-building-with-csc-exe.md)  for C# and [Building from the Command Line](../../visual-basic/reference/command-line-compiler/building-from-the-command-line.md) for Visual Basic.  
```
